After the battle, the bellowing of some great beast could be heard coming up from the depths of the goblin lair that were left undiscovered. Not knowing what it might be, the party made for the surface in haste rather than risk further encounters with the goblin wizard and possibly even more reinforcements.  They stopped only to grab as many crates and sacks of Aldan's spices as they could carry, getting help from the dwarves Huldrum and Quintus, and also using the extra goblins. They found the only significant number of goblins to be the the ones in the common room.  At this point these off-duty goblins were all sleeping it off and so the party left them be rather than waste time or resources dealing with them. The grunting and howling of something large continued to follow the group as they high-tailed it for the exit.  They were able to make the sunlight and, doing a cursory glance around, were able to shortly find that there were either no goblins, or the ones in hiding weren't looking for a fight. 

The two goblins from the rival clan communicated through Golfimb that they would like to go back to their home and asked for some of the defeated goblin bandits weapons and shields to give them a better chance of survival in case they met dangers along their journey.  They explained that they were of the Grimbone Clan which lives along the east bank of the Swift river south of here. They told that the bandit chief Brubo had come to their farming and fishing village of Krond and asked if any goblins wished to join him. When none agreed, he and his men took a few of the villagers, hoping to persuade them. The heroes gave the goblins from Krond some few supplies and sent them on their way. Golfimb decided to stay and help for a while longer.

Taking care to keep a lookout for anything coming up from the goblin hideout, Elden, Huldrum and Callie searched the area with Golfimb who explained that there should be a livestock pen back through the woods over the hill to the west. The goblins had not been overly concerned about hiding their existence, so the four were able to find the animal pen in short order. The pen was guarded by two goblins, but Golfimb explained the situation to them, and they fled north and west, away from the pen and hideout. The wizard J's donkey was found, along with one draft horse and one light riding horse. There was also the wagon, which seemed mostly intact but with two wagon wheels damaged.

With Huldrum's help, the group returned with the horses and wagon, loaded the goods and began the day-long trek back to Bendwyn. Shortly after, Golfimb bids the heroes farewell so he can return home to his village far to the north and west.  The trip was uneventful this time and the party pulls into The Broken Blade to store all the goods, wagon, and animals in the stable. Huldrum fetches his boss, the merchant Aldan who rewards the party with the gem valued at 500 silver coins.  He also pays for two rooms at The Broken Blade for one week so the party can rest and recover.  You are each awarded 75xp for this adventure, over and above any incidental xp awarded during play. When we next meet, everyone who has been injured will have regained up to seven ST points back.  Any ST lost due to fatigue is also regained.
