Q: I would have liked to think I rewarded (Golphim) well for his help before sending him on his way.
A: Golphim and the goblins from clan Grimbone were given a small sack of silver plus armor and weapons taken from defeated goblins. 

Q: I would like to also make it known to him that should he be seen again in the future, he is welcome company to myself, for he not only helped us defeat the other goblins, he undoubtedly saved all of our lives. 
A: Agreed.

Q: Can we make it our duty to go back & try to destroy the evil shrine properly since we are a "good inclined" team?  
A: You may attempt this if you wish. 

Q: Would doing so grant us bonus exp?
A: Mystically gaining experience due to destroying an inanimate (albeit magical) object is unlikely in TFT but you may attempt this if you wish. 

Q: Was the extra 25 exp added to our total exp that we earned earlier that was to be added later for the extraordinary feat? 
A: No.

Q: Is our employer interested in going back to fetch more of his goods?
A: No. He’s satisfied with the return of his hireling, his goods, his wagon, and two horses (though only one is one of the draft horses he started with). This will allow him to remain in business and probably make up his losses. 

Q: Do we want to ask the town authorities if there is a bounty or reward for clearing out that cave &/or making it more safe for locals not to be vandalized, &/or going back to finish off the remaining bandits?
A: Undetermined. You may attempt this if you wish. 

Q: There was a large creature following us on the way out, but it never caught us.  Maybe it was another summoned bear, or a cave troll.  Do we wanna go kill it?
A: Undetermined. You may attempt this if you wish. 

Q: That goblin wizard was powerful, we barely made him run away with most of us at less than half strength when he arrived, do we wanna go try & defeat him?
A: Undetermined. You may attempt this if you wish. 

Q: Is there more our employer would want us to do to help fetch the remainder of his goods?
A: Not at this time. See above. 


Q: All the stuff in the storage room we couldn’t carry out might be gone by now, do we want to go try to see what the rest of the unexplored cave areas hold?  
A. Undetermined. You may attempt this if you wish. 


Q: (Should we) start a new adventure?
A: Undetermined. Each of you may listen around town for rumors if you wish. I’ll make a roll for each character who expresses an interest in doing so. Modifiers to this roll will apply depending on who or where you’re asking, certain talents, racial abilities, etc. 
