After the discovery of an evil hidden shrine, the heroes continued on down the hallway to find a lone goblin who was guarding the drinking supply for this hideout, apparently insuring no other goblins used it for a privy.  The goblin, named Golfimb, when faced with obviously superior numbers, surrendered.  He spoke a bit of humanish, and the party ultimately decided to spare him in exchange for his help.  Golfimb turned out to be helpful, not traitorous and led the heroes through as much of a direct path to the prisoner pen as he knew, warning them of hazards along the way so they could prepare to take best advantage. The first room he led them to had a goblin dressed in rags that was tied to an upturned table.  It turns out this fellow was from a rival group of goblins and had been captured.  He was not very healthy and had been used for target practice for throwing daggers.  There were no guards in this room so it is likely that they had been alerted to the heroes' presence and been some of the goblins defeated earlier in the previous session.

Next Golfimb led them to another room and reluctantly revealed that the entrance was trapped.  This helped the party get the jump on the sole goblin guard and engage him before he could ring the gong which was large enough to be heard a great distance.  Golfimb also led them through yet a goblin common room inhabited by several goblins but that were drunkenly arguing over something and allowed the heroes to slip by. The group finally arrived at the door to the prisoner pen, but this was locked and trapped.  A huge pit opened beneath the party (including Golfimb) who had to jump away to safety.  Only one member, the elf Elden, missed and fell down the ten foot deep pit and was injured.  Callie the halfling thief patched him up and the heroes climbed up the other side to open the door to the prisoner pen.  There they found two more rival goblins and also a dwarf named Huldrum. Only Quintus could speak with this dwarf who explained he was in good shape, being held for ransom, and would be happy to help the heroes escape.  This dwarf was the hireling of Aldan, the merchant who had initially hired the party.  The two other goblins reluctantly threw their fate in with the group as well.

Weighing their options after acquiring some added muscle, the group decided to press on just a little more before leaving.  They discovered a hidden cache of loot that was tucked away by the goblins.  It included such items as an expensive and ornate rug which was too cumbersome to carry, crates of spices, barrels of wine and ale, as well as a moderate amount of silver coins and a small gemstone. Pressing just a little further, the heroes came up against the supposed Goblin leader Brubo, a couple Goblin guardsmen, and Brubo's two orcish bodyguards. Before this battle could be finished, in walked the Goblin wizard and a couple more Goblins as reinforcements.  Though the battle was heated, between the party playing it smart and the added numbers, the enemies were beaten all save for the wizard who 'disappeared'.  This was the end of the session.
